Update create your napp structure (#79)
kytos/documentation: tutorials/napps/create_your_napp.rst

files **kytos.json** and **main.py**. Don't worry about creating these folders
and files. We provide a tool to generate this structure for you! ::

  <username>/
  ├── __init__.py
  └── <napp_name>/
      ├── __init__.py
      ├── kytos.json
      ├── main.py
      ├── README.rst
      ├── settings.py
      └── ui/
          ├── k-action-menu
          ├── k-info-panel
          ├── k-toolbar
          └── README.rst

- **kytos.json**: This file contains your NApp's metadata. **username**
  and **name** are required. Other attributes are
  used by the |napps_server|_ to publish and distribute your NApp worldwide.
- **settings.py**: Main settings parameters of your NApp (if applicable).
- **main.py**: Main source code of your NApp.
- **README.rst**: Main description and information about your NApp.

> - **ui**: Folder that contain all NApp components displayed by Kytos UI.

Reviewer: @hdiogenes this is very important. Can you please, double-check if this was merged already?

files **kytos.json** and **main.py**. Don't worry about creating these folders
and files. We provide a tool to generate this structure for you! ::

  <username>/
  ├── __init__.py
  └── <napp_name>/
      ├── __init__.py
      ├── kytos.json
      ├── main.py
      ├── README.rst
      ├── settings.py
      ├── setup.py
      └── ui/
          ├── k-action-menu
          ├── k-info-panel
          ├── k-toolbar
          └── README.rst

- **kytos.json**: This file contains your NApp's metadata. **username**
  and **name** are required. Other attributes are
  used by the |napps_server|_ to publish and distribute your NApp worldwide.
- **settings.py**: Main settings parameters of your NApp (if applicable).
- **main.py**: Main source code of your NApp.
- **README.rst**: Main description and information about your NApp.

> - **ui**: Folder that contain all NApp components displayed by Kytos UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **ui**: Folder that contains all NApp components displayed by the Kytos UI.
```
